document known issue during live migration (#1067)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/live-migration.md

- Migrate the VM without ejecting any images from the CD-ROM devices.
- During VM creation, move all `Container` volumes before the first `Image Volume` of type `CD-ROM`.

* [Issue #10653](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/10653): Unexpected network disruption due to multiple MAC address moves between source and target hosts.

> MAC address of the VM interface moved more than once between the source and target hosts during live migration.Due to this external switches learnt the same mac on two different interfaces causing a network disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During live migration, the virtual machine's MAC address moved between the source and target hosts *multiple times*. This caused external switches to register the same MAC address on different interfaces, resulting in a temporary network disruption.
```

Workaround:

> Set `disableContainerInterface: true` in the Multus `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` `spec.config` (see the [bridge CNI example](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/bridge/#example-l2-only-disabled-interface-configuration)) before starting live migration. This delays enabling the pod interface until after switchover, avoiding multiple MAC address moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, set `disableContainerInterface: true` within the `spec.config` field of the corresponding Multus `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` *before* starting a live migration. This configuration delays enabling of the pod interface until after the switchover occurs, preventing multiple MAC address moves. For more information, see [Example L2-only, disabled interface configuration](https://www.cni.dev/plugins/current/main/bridge/#example-l2-only-disabled-interface-configuration) in the Container Network Interface (CNI) documentation.
```
